feat(api): composition-api `getCurrentInstance` (#590)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/composition-api.md

- **See also**:
  - [Provide / Inject](../guide/component-provide-inject.html)
  - [Composition API Provide / Inject](../guide/composition-api-provide-inject.html)

## `getCurrentInstance`

> `getCurrentInstance` enables access to internal component intance usefull for advanced usages or for library creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getCurrentInstance` enables access to an internal component instance useful for advanced usages or for library creators.
```

Author: Thank you 🙏
